The workflow system is distributed as a Zip file.

To run the system, a number of dependencies must be fulfilled beforehand.
1. Java
2. Taverna
3. Xsltproc
4. crosscheck-passwordless ssh
5. Scratch disk
6. ffmpeg
7. Config
8. Monitor webservice
9. Ingest initiator service
10. Yousee download server
11. Digitv server
12. Bitreposity server
13. Doms server



1. Java
The system have been tested on java version "1.6.0_32".
The environment variable JAVA_HOME must be set

2. Taverna Workbench
The system require the Taverna workflow engine, a Java application hosted on http://www.taverna.org.uk
The system have been tested with the Taverna version 2.4
Get the application from http://www.taverna.org.uk/download/workbench/2-4/
It is a zip file, which (of course) must be extracted
The environment variable TAVERNA_HOME must be set

3. xsltproc
This package or some version like it
 http://packages.ubuntu.com/quantal/xsltproc

4. Crosscheck-passwordless ssh
The workflow system must be able to access the machine that can run the CrossCheck.
At present, this is dvbt300. The command "ssh dvbt300 crosscheck" must display the usage
of crosscheck, without requesting a password

5. Scratch Disk
A folder, currently /home/yousee/scratch must be present. This folder will be used
to hold the downloaded files until they have been stored in the Bit repository.
The contents of this folder must be accessible by the same directory path on the
crosscheck machine, currently dvbt300

6. ffmpeg
Specifically ffprobe. The workflow have been tested with version 0.10

7. Config
The environment variable YOUSEE_CONFIG must be set, and point to the common
folder for config.

8. Monitor Webservice
The monitor webservice is a service used to track the progress of individual files
through the workflow. It must be running on the assigned address, or the workflow
will not work.

9. There must be a digitv database that have been upgraded with the nessesary tables
to work with the ingest initiator component.

10. Yousee Download server. A yousee download server must be running. Ideally, this
 should be a server provided by Yousee, but for now the server is something we
 must host ourselves.

11. There must exist a digitv database, that have been upgraded with the nessesary
 components to woth with the digitv ingester

12. There must exist a bitrepository server.

13. There must exist a doms server.

The workflow system is distributed as a Zip file. To run the workflow, extract the
zip file, and run "bin/runWorkflow.sh 2004-11-01". This will cause the scheduled
channels to be archived from that date and 28 days in past.